Making Continuous Testing GA (#8204)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/ci.md

  text: "Configure an API Test"
---

> On top of executing your tests at predefined intervals, you can also **execute Datadog Synthetic tests on-demand** using the dedicated API endpoints. You can execute **Datadog Synthetic tests in your continuous integration (CI) pipelines**, enabling you to block the deployment of branches which would break your key features and endpoints. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to running tests at predefined intervals, you can also run Datadog Synthetic tests on-demand using API endpoints. You can run Datadog Synthetic tests in your continuous integration (CI) pipelines, letting you block the deployment of branches that would break your product. 
```

> Datadog Continuous Testing can also be used to **run tests as part of your CD process**. Evaluating the state of your production application immediately after a deployment finishes enables you to detect potential regressions that could impact your users—and automatically trigger a rollback whenever a critical test fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog Continuous Testing can also be used to run tests as part of your CD process, evaluating the state of your production application immediately after a deployment finishes. This lets you detect potential regressions that could impact your users—and automatically trigger a rollback whenever a critical test fails.
```
